We are done with hooks we're done with
the sandbox code sandbox you can close
code sandbox we're not coming back to it.
And now we're actually going
to get into our project so
you can leave page that's fine.
As a reminder to go in here to tailwind
CSS, this is the next section here.
You are going to start with a fresh
copy of that 12 dash portals and refs.
I have it here up, github/btholt complete
intro to react to the seven projects.
If you haven't already I told you earlier
but if you haven't already cloned this and
then just make a copy of this portals.
And refs folder this is
the complete project that you and
I are going to start on for
tailwind I already did that you
can see here on my desktop.
I have intermediate.
I have that here I ran npm install but
you can do it again if
you want to 433 packages.
Zero vulnerabilities that I always get
surprised when I have no vulnerabilities,
my code just seems like there's
the new one every day, right?
They're like this is a weak or there's
definitely something already broken here
>> Makes you think that bad things broken
>> Yeah no there's definitely stuff
here that we just don't know about yet
anyway by the time unless you download and
install this.
It probably is, you can also always say
MPM audit to figure out what they are.
In general you don't have to care if
this is all development stuff but
that's how you look.
Okay, so
I think I have it opened here, I do,
and you and I are going to,
I do tailwind CSS.
This is meant to be like an intro to
it and how to make it work with react.
This is not a complete course on tailwind
CSS because it has actually merits its own
course there's a lot of stuff
you can do with tailwind So
like I said, we're intentionally
scratching the surface.
This is more intentionally
just to show you how to do it,
where to do it, how to set it up and kinda
the general paradigm of what you want
to be thinking about with tailwind CSS.
All right, so stop your server for
just a second.
I'm gonna say MPM.
If you wanna be lazy like,
probably should want to be.
Go here to this and just copy and
paste this whole string right there.
I'm gonna type it out for
you so you can see.
Tailwind CSS,
you can see I actually already
have it in there, at3.0.22 As a reminder.
I said this in probably before, but
I'm having to install particular versions
of this there probably by
the time that you watch this,
there are probably a new versions.
There's probably already new versions for
a lot of these things since I wrote
this like a couple of days ago.
But I know all these
versions work together.
And so I really get upset when like people
take this course and install the latest
versions and stuff doesn't work together
because stuff changes over time.
So all of these libraries that I'm
showing you, they might bugs and
vulnerabilities and things like that,
that caused them to update the version.
But in general,
most of these are not changing.
For a crazy amount between now and
when you would watch this, we update this
course quickly enough that generally
we're pretty on top of those things.
So that's why I'm having to
install possibly old versions.
We're more interested in new learning,
and like learning the general
high level concepts then like
the absolute particular syntax Okay.
So at a point 4.6.
And then auto pre fixer
at 10.4.2.
Okay Again, cat dash capital D.
This is MPM install dash dash save Dev.
Or if you're lazy like me, I dash capital
D, which is going to put it in dev
dependencies, because you don't actually
ship these things to production.
These are tools that are used to build
the project that then get shipped
to production.
And, frankly,
it doesn't totally matter a whole lot.
I Anyway, because the project is gonna
get built and deployed anyway, so
whether it's a dev dependency.
Or dependency doesn't really matter, but
that's the thought process
that I'm going through.
Okay, so now we have our project.
So let's talk about what we installed.
Tailwind CSS at version three.
I think that's pretty self explanatory.
That's the project that's
going to do tailwind for us.
Post CSS is like Babel,
but for CSS, right?
It's a code transformation tool
that takes one set of CSS and
outputs a different part of CSS.
You can use this for
anything that you want to do a CSS.
You can have it, do stuff like non
standard syntaxes It would be something
like Sass not Sass,
particularly cuz Sass is a different tool.
But you could do things like that.
We can use it for
things like futuristic CSS, right?
So if I want to write like CSS variables,
for example, and I want to support IE 11.
Post CSS allows us to do things like
that right because IE 11 wouldn't
support CSS variables.
And then autoprefixer is
basically like preset for
babel where it takes new syntax and
translates it to old syntax.
It's called autoprefixer.
Because if you remember, if you've
been writing code as long as I have,
we used to have to do
things like dash Chrome or
dash WebKit dash what's border radius,
right?
Things like that,
that used to prefix all of your stuff so
that it would work in all browsers.
So, that's what we just installed.
And now, we want to make a tailwind
CSS configuration document.
So, the easiest way to do that
is MPX Tailwind CSS in it.
And this will create like a bare
bones starter configuration
document here you see this just popped
up here tailwind dot config dot j s and
we're going to modify this just
a little bit for our needs.
So the first thing that
we're gonna do is mode.
jit, jit stands for just in time,
in case you're wondering.
This is the new mode of Tailwind CSS
that you get better performance out of.
We're gonna tell it content here, which
is like the stuff that we wanna build,
which we wanna build just stuff in source.
And then we wanna build everything inside
of source with anything HTML or JS.
Okay, theme extends is fine.
We'll use variants in a bit, but for
now you can just have an empty variants.
And that's it.
Okay, good so far.
Now, I want you to go to your
style dot CSS document here,
my beautiful, beautiful CSS that
you should probably never copy.
And I want you to do the most
satisfying part of coding,
in my opinion that you can ever do.
Delete everything.
I love to deleting code is literally
my favorite part of my job.
Like I feel like you're doing things
right when you get to delete things.
And then I want you to
put three lines here.
At tailwind base,
at tailwind Components,
at tailwind utilities.
This is like a directive and
that's what tailwind CSS,
that library that we installed
is going to do for us.
This is basically saying like include
all of these parts of tailwind so
the base components the base parts the
components parts and all the utilities.